Updates to the upgrade procedure and documentation for the new PostGIS container tag (#1705)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/Upgrade/automatedupgrade.md

The automated upgrade process provides a mechanism where, instead of being deleted, the existing PostgreSQL clusters will be left in place during the PostgreSQL Operator upgrade. While normal Operator functionality will be restricted on these existing clusters until they are upgraded to the currently installed PostgreSQL Operator version, the pods, services, etc will still be in place and accessible via other methods (e.g. kubectl, service IP, etc).

To upgrade a particular, non-PostGIS cluster, use
```    
pgo upgrade mycluster
```

To upgrade a particular, a PostGIS enabled cluster, use
```    

> pgo upgrade --post-gis-image-tag=centos7-11.8-2.5-4.4.0 mygiscluster

Reviewer: We now have a new set of params!

```suggestion
pgo upgrade --post-gis-image-tag={{< param centosBase >}}-{{< param postgresVersion >}}-3.0-{{< param operatorVersion >}} mygiscluster
```

(though likely we'll want to add one for `postgisVersion` now.

Author: Sounds good, I've updated these references accordingly and added the new postgisVersion param. Thanks!

```

> Where "11.8" is the PostgreSQL version, "2.5" is the PostGIS version and "4.4.0" is the PostgreSQL Operator version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `{{< param postgresVersion >}}` is the PostgreSQL version, `3.0` is the PostGIS version and `{{< param operatorVersion >}}` is the PostgreSQL Operator version.
```

Author: updated

The automated upgrade process provides a mechanism where, instead of being deleted, the existing PostgreSQL clusters will be left in place during the PostgreSQL Operator upgrade. While normal Operator functionality will be restricted on these existing clusters until they are upgraded to the currently installed PostgreSQL Operator version, the pods, services, etc will still be in place and accessible via other methods (e.g. kubectl, service IP, etc).

> To upgrade a particular, non-PostGIS cluster, use

Author: That makes sense. Updated, thanks!

```    
pgo upgrade mycluster
```

> To upgrade a particular, a PostGIS enabled cluster, use

Author: Updated.

```    

> pgo upgrade --post-gis-image-tag={{< param centosBase >}}-{{< param postgresVersion >}}-{{< param postgisVersion >}}-{{< param operatorVersion >}} mygiscluster

Author: Missed that, thank you!

```
Where `{{< param postgresVersion >}}` is the PostgreSQL version, `{{< param postgisVersion >}}` is the PostGIS version and `{{< param operatorVersion >}}` is the PostgreSQL Operator version.
Please note, no tag validation will be performed and additional steps may be required to upgrade your PostGIS extension implementation. For more information on PostGIS upgrade considerations, please see

> [Crunchy PostGIS Upgrade Documentation](https://access.crunchydata.com/documentation/postgis/latest/postgis_installation.html#upgrading).

Author: Updated.
